Pd-453 update alerts list (#744)
portworx/pxdocs: content/install-with-other/operate-and-maintain/monitoring/portworx-alerts.md

78|PoolExpandInProgress|NOTIFY|POOL|Triggered when a pool expand operation starts.|
79|PoolExpandSuccessful|NOTIFY|POOL|Triggered when a pool expand operation succeeds.|
80|PoolExpandFailed|ALARM|POOL|Triggered when a pool expand operation fails.|
86|StoragelessToStorageNodeTransitionFailure|ALARM|NODE|Node failed to transition from storageless to storage.|
87|StoragelessToStorageNodeTransitionSuccess|NOTIFY|NODE|Node transition from storageless to storage successful.|

> 89|ClusterLicenseUpdated

Author: @adityadani I didn't see these in the list

90|LicenseExpired
91|LicenseLeaseExpiring
92|LicenseLeaseExpired
93|LicenseServerDown
94|FloatingLicenseSetupError
95|NFSServerUnhealthy|WARNING|NODE|Triggered when the NFS server on this node is unhealthy.|

> 96|FileSystemDependency|ALARM|NODE|Triggered during Portworx installation if there's a filesystem dependency failure. |

Author: @adityadani I assumed most of these are related to installation. That's the case, right?

Reviewer: Yes the FileSystemDependency and RebootRequired alerts are raised during Portworx installation or upgrade

97|RebootRequired|ALARM|NODE| Triggered when a node requires a reboot.|
98|TempFileSystemInitialization|ALARM|NODE|Triggered during Portworx installation if a node fails to initialize a temporary filesystem.|
99|UnsupportedKernel|ALARM|NODE|Triggered during a Portworx installation if the node contains a kernel that is not supported by Portworx.|

> 100| InvalidDevice|ALARM|NODE|Invalid device|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
100| InvalidDevice|ALARM|NODE|Triggered during Portworx installation if an invalid device is provided to Portworx as a storage device.|
```

101| NfsDependencyInstallFailure|ALARM|NODE|Triggered during Portworx installation if Portworx cannot install the NFS service.|
102| NfsDependencyNotEnabled|ALARM|NODE|Triggered during Portworx installation if Portworx cannot enable the NFS service.|
103| LicenseCheckFailed|ALARM|NODE|Triggered if a node fails a license check.|

> 104| PortworxStoppedOnNode|WARNING|NODE|Triggered if Portworx is stopped on this node.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
104| PortworxStoppedOnNode|WARNING|NODE|Triggered if Portworx is stopped on a node.|
```

105| KvdbConnectionFailed|ALARM|NODE|Triggered if Portworx fails to connect to the KVDB.|

> 106| InternalKvdbSetupFailed|ALARM|NODE|Triggered if Portworx fails to set the Internal KVDB during installation.|

Reviewer: No need of installation here.
```suggestion
106| InternalKvdbSetupFailed|ALARM|NODE|Triggered if Portworx fails to setup Internal KVDB on a node.|
```

> 107| OciMonImagePullFailed|ALARM|NODE|Triggered if Portworx fails to pull the OCI Monitor image during installation.|

Reviewer: We renamed all the OciMon alerts yesterday
```suggestion
107| PortworxMonitorImagePullFailed|ALARM|NODE|Triggered if Portworx fails to pull Portworx images during installation.|
```

> 108| OciMonPrePostExecutionFailed|ALARM|NODE|Triggered if Portworx fails to execute pre or post installation tasks.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
108| PortworxMonitorPrePostExecutionFailed|ALARM|NODE|Triggered if Portworx fails to execute pre or post installation tasks.|
```

> 109| OciMonMountValidationFailed|ALARM|NODE|Triggered if Portworx fails to verify that the OCI Monitor was sucessfully mounted during instllation. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
109| PortworxMonitorMountValidationFailed|ALARM|NODE|Triggered if Portworx fails to validate mounts provided to Portworx container during installation. |
```

> 110| OciMonSchedulerInitializationFailed|ALARM|NODE|Triggered if Portworx fails to initialize the OCI Monitor scheduler during installation. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
110| PortworxMonitorSchedulerInitializationFailed|ALARM|NODE|Triggered if Portworx fails to initialize connection with scheduler during installation. |
```

> 111| OciMonServiceControlsInitializationFailed|ALARM|NODE|Triggered if Portworx fails to initialize the OCI Monitor service controls during installation.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
111| PortworxMonitorServiceControlsInitializationFailed|ALARM|NODE|Triggered if Portworx fails to initialize the service controls during installation.|
```

> 112| OciMonSchedulerInstallFailed|ALARM|NODE|Triggered if Portworx fails to install the OCI Monitor scheduler during Portworx installation.|

Reviewer: The name of this alert has changed.
```suggestion
112| PortworxMonitorInstallFailed|ALARM|NODE|Triggered if Portworx installation fails.|
```

> 113| MissingInputArgument|ALARM|NODE|Triggered if there's a missing input argument.|

Author: @adityadani What's the context for this? Is Portworx missing an input argument as part of installation?

Reviewer: Yes this is triggered as a part of installation. Also we added another alert here:
```suggestion
113| MissingInputArgument|ALARM|NODE|Triggered if there's a missing input install argument.|
114|PortworxMonitorImagePullInProgress|NOTIFY|NODE|Triggered when Portworx is pulling and extracting images during installation or upgrade.|
```
